COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Assignment 2: Image Classification 

Key information 

Deadlines 
Submission: Friday week 11 (15 May), 11.59pm

Late submissions policy 

Late submissions are allowed up to 3 days late. A penalty of 5% per day late will apply. Assignments more 
than 3 days late will not be accepted (i.e. will get 0 marks). The day cut-off time is 11:59pm.  

Marking 
This assignment is 20 marks = 20% of your final mark. It consists of two components: code (8 marks) and 
report (12 marks). A marking guide for both the code and report is included at the end of this document.

The assignment can be completed by a group of 2-4 students. No more than 4 students are allowed. See 
the submission details section for more information about how to submit.  

Submission 
Three files are required to be submitted in the relevant submission portals on Canvas: 

- Your report as a .pdf file
- Your Jupyter notebook as a .ipynb file
- Your Jupyter notebook as a .pdf file

A pdf of your Jupyter notebook can be generated using File>Download as>PDF or Print Preview > Save as 
PDF or File->Download as >HTML, then open the html file and save it as pdf. 

Name your files with the following format: 

- Report:
o A2-report-SID1-SID2-SID3-SID4.pdf

- Code:
o a2-code-SID1-SID2-SID3-SID4.ipynb
o a2-code-SID1-SID2-SID3-SID4.pdf

where SID1, SID2, SID3 and SID4 are the SIDs of the four students in your group. 

Please do not include your names anywhere in your submissions or the file names since the marking is 
anonymous. 

Before you submit, you need to create a group in Canvas. Under the “People” page on Canvas, select the 
“Image Classification Project” tab. You and your group partners should choose one of the empty groups 
listed under this tab, and join it. Groups have a maximum of 4 members.  The assignment should be 
completed in groups of 2 to 4 students. 

Important: The "Machine Learning Project Groups" registration is for Assignment 1, the "Image 
Classification Project" registration is for Assignment 2. You need to register a group under "Image 
Classification Project" even if you work with the same partner as in Assignment 1. 

Page 1 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Please be careful as otherwise your mark may not be recorded correctly. There may also be a mark 
deduction for not following the instructions. 

Then you need to submit your assignment on behalf of the group in the corresponding submission box. 
Only one student from the group needs to submit, not all. 

Code information 

The code for this assignment should be written in Python in the Jupyter Notebook environment. 
Please follow the structure in the template notebook provided as part of the assignment 
materials. Your implementation of the algorithms should predominantly utilise the same suite of 
libraries we have introduced in the tutorials (Keras, scikit-learn, numpy, pandas etc.). Other libraries may 
be utilised for minor functionality such as plotting, however please specify any dependencies at the 
beginning of your code submission. While most of your explanation and justification can be included in 
the report, please ensure your code is well formatted, and that there are sufficient comments or text 
included in the notebook to explain the cells.  

You may choose to run your code locally or on a cloud service (such as Google Colaboratory), however 
your final submission needs to be able to run on a local machine. Please submit your notebook with 
the cell output preserved and ensure that all the results presented in your report are demonstrated 
in your submitted notebook. Your code may also be rerun by your marker, so please ensure there are no 
errors in your submitted code and it can be run in order. 

Task 
In this assignment, you will implement and compare several machine learning algorithms, including 
a Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), on an image classification task. 
You will need to demonstrate your understanding of a full machine learning pipeline, including data 
exploration and pre-processing, model design, hyperparameter tuning, and interpreting results. 
Moreover, the assignment will require you to consolidate your knowledge from the course so far to 
effectively discuss the important differences between the algorithms.  

While better performance is desirable, it is not the main objective of this assignment. Since chasing the 
best possible performance may require large models and specialised GPU hardware, you should 
focus on thoroughly justifying your decisions and analysing your results. Please see the marking criteria 
at the end of the specification for how you will be assessed. There are no marks allocated for reaching a 
particular performance or having highly complex models.  

1. Code

As mentioned above, your code submission for the assignment should be an .ipynb Jupyter notebook 
in similar fashion to the tutorials, including well commented code and sufficient text to explain the cells. 
Please follow the structure provided in the template notebook available as part of the assignment 
materials. 

Data loading, pre-processing, and exploration 

The dataset you will use in this assignment is PathMNIST. It contains 28x28 colour images of 
microscope slides of normal and abnormal body tissues. More information on the dataset and the original 
source can be found in the associated paper here: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01721-8 . 
The dataset is licensed under CC BY 4.0 (attribution is provided below). 

Page 2 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Note that we have provided a subset of this dataset for the assignment, with different splits to the original. 

Please refer to the provided dataset on Canvas rather than downloading from the MedMNIST site. Code to 
load these files is provided in the template notebook. 

The images in this dataset have relatively low dimensionality to aid keeping your runtimes short. You can 
increase/decrease the dimensionality of the data or make use of a subset of the training data as required, 
with justification in the report. 

To better understand the properties of the data and the preprocessing that may be appropriate, you should 
begin with some exploration of the data. You may like to explore what the different classes are, the number 
of examples from each class, and consider characteristics of the images such as whether they are centred, 
size of different features in the images, pixel intensities across different images, key differences between 
classes etc. Explore if there are factors that might make the task more difficult, such as classes with similar 
features. You should include anything you feel is relevant in this section. 

Based on your insight from the data exploration and/or with reference to other sources, you should apply 
appropriate preprocessing techniques. Your choice of preprocessing needs to be justified in the report. You 
may apply different preprocessing techniques for the different algorithms, with justification in the report.  

Consider if you need to make any additional splits of the data and think carefully about how each part of the 
data should be utilised to evaluate hyperparameter combinations and compare the performance of the 
different models. 

Algorithm design and setup 

You will be required to design and implement three algorithms that we have covered in the course using 
the sklearn and/or keras libraries, in order to investigate their strengths and weaknesses.  

1. An appropriate algorithm of your choice from the first 6 weeks of the course

2. A feedforward multilayer perceptron neural network (MLP)

3. A convolutional neural network (CNN)

In this section, implement an instance of each model before tuning hyperparameters, and set up any 
functions you may require to tune hyperparameters in the next section. 

Due to runtime constraints, it is not feasible to consider every possible neural network  architecture when 
designing your models, however you should justify your design decisions in the report, and you may wish to 
conduct a few rough experiments to converge on a reasonable design. Remembering that the focus of the 
assignment is to demonstrate your understanding of and compare the algorithms, not to achieve state-of-
the-art performance, keep your models appropriately small such that you can complete the 
hyperparameter tuning in a reasonable time on your hardware of choice.  

Although you may like to reference external sources when designing your algorithms, you must implement 
your neural network models yourself, rather than import prebuilt models from Keras (such as those 
available in keras.applications). 

Page 3 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Hyperparameter tuning 

Perform a search over relevant hyperparameters for each algorithm using an appropriate search strategy 
of your choice (eg. cross validation, validation set grid search, Bayesian search, etc.). You may use scikit-
learn and/or keras-tuner to perform your searches, and you are suggested to look through the 
documentation of these packages to see the available utilities and decide on your implementation. 
Remember there are many factors that can affect the runtime of your search, such as the number of 
epochs, optimisers, and the particular hyperparameters included in the search. Please ensure you search 
over the following:  

o Algorithm of your choice from the first 6 weeks:
o You will need to choose an appropriate set of hyperparameters to search over based on

what was covered in the tutorials or other references
o Multilayer feedforward and convolutional neural networks:

o Tune over at least 3 different hyperparameters

You will need to justify your search method, choices of hyperparameters to search over, and the values 
included in the search as part of your report (see below). 

Keep a record of the runtimes and results with each hyperparameter combination (you may need to consult 
documentation to see how to extract this information) and use these to produce appropriate 
visualisations/tables of the trends in your hyperparameter search to aid the discussion in your report.  

Please preserve the output of these cells in your submission and keep these hyperparameter search cells 
independent from the other cells of your notebook to avoid needing to rerun them, as markers will not be 
able to run this code (it will take too long), i.e. ensure the later cells can be run if these grid search cells are 
skipped. 

Final models 

After selecting the best set of hyperparameters for each model, include cells which train the models with 
the selected hyperparameters independently of the parameter search cell, and use these implementations 
to compare the performance (and other relevant properties) of the different models using the test set. 

2. Report
An approximate outline of the report requirements is provided below, but make sure to reference 
the marking criteria also for the mark distribution. You may write your report in MS Word or LaTeX, but 
please ensure that it is well-formatted and submit it as a pdf.   

Please stick to the structure (headings and subheadings) outlined below, as these align with the 
marking criteria. 

Please do not include screenshots of your code in the report. The report should not be focussed on 
your code and describing exactly how you have implemented things, but rather on the content outlined 
below.  

Introduction 

State the aim of your study and outline the importance of your study. You can consider both the 
importance of this dataset itself, but also the importance of comparing algorithms and their suitability for 
the task more generally. 

Page 4 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Data 
In this section, you should describe the dataset and pre-processing. 

Data description and exploration. Describe the data, including all its important characteristics, such as 
the number of samples, classes, dimensions, and the original source of the images. Discuss your 
data exploration, including characteristics/difficulties as described in the relevant section above and 
anything you consider relevant. Where relevant, you may wish to include some sample images to aid this 
discussion. For information about the original dataset, such as the class names, the MedMNIST site 
(https://medmnist.com) and papers included in the dataset attribution below may be useful. 

Pre-processing. Justify your choice of pre-processing either through your insights from the data 
exploration or with reference to other sources. Explain how the preprocessing techniques work, their 
effect/purpose, and any choices in their application. If you have not performed pre-processing or have 
intentionally omitted possible preprocessing techniques after consideration, justify these decisions.   

Methods
In this section, you should explain the classification methods you used.  

Theory. For each algorithm, explain the main theoretical ideas (this will be useful as a framework 
for comparing them in the rest of the report). Explain why you chose your particular algorithm from the 
first six weeks. 

Strengths and weaknesses. Describe the relative strengths and weaknesses of the algorithms from a 
theory perspective. Consider factors such as performance, overfitting, runtime, number of 
params and interpretability. Explain the reasons; e.g. don’t simply state that CNNs perform better on 
images, but explain why this is the case.  

Architecture and hyperparameters – State and explain the chosen architectures or other relevant 
design choices you made in your implementation (e.g. this is the place to discuss your particular neural 
network configurations). Describe the hyperparameters you will tune over, the values included in the 
search, and outline your search method. Briefly explain what each hyperparameter controls and the 
expected effect on the algorithm. For example, consider the effects of changing the learning rate, or 
changing the stride of a convolutional layer. Justify why you have made these choices about 
the search method, and hyperparameters included.  

Results and discussion 
In this section, you should present and discuss your results. Please do not include screenshots of raw 
code outputs when presenting your results. Instead tabulate/plot any results in a manner more 
appropriate for presentation in the report. 

Begin with the hyperparameter tuning results. Include appropriate tables or graphs to illustrate the trends 
(performance, runtime etc.) across different hyperparameter values. Discuss the trends and provide 
possible explanations for their observation. Consider if the results aligned with your predictions.  

Next, present a comparison of the models you have implemented for this task (with the 
best hyperparameters found). Include a table showing the best hyperparameter combination for each 
algorithm, the performance on the test set (e.g. accuracy and other performance measures), and the 
runtime(s). Analyse and discuss the results, referring back to the theoretical properties and strengths/
weaknesses of the classifiers discussed in the Methods section. Consider if the results aligned with your 
expectations. What factors influenced the runtime (time per epoch, total number of epochs required 
etc.)? Page 5 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Include anything you consider interesting and/or relevant. For example, you may like to comment on the 
types of mistakes particular models made via confusion matrices etc.  

Conclusion 

Summarise your main findings, mention any limitations, and suggest future work. When making your 
conclusions, consider not only accuracy, but also factors such as runtime and interpretability. Ensure your 
future work suggestions are concrete (e.g. not in the spirit of “try more algorithms”) and justify why they 
would be appropriate.  

Reflection 

Write one or two paragraphs describing the most important thing that you have learned while 
completing the assignment. Every student should write their own reflection. 

AI Acknowledgement
Please include an AI Acknowledgement section. If you have used AI in A2 answer the following:

• What generative AI tools have you used to complete A2?
• How have you used generative AI tools in A2?

If you didn't use any AI tools in A2, you may put "None" in this section.

References 

Include references to any sources you have utilised in completing the code and/or report. You may 
choose any appropriate academic referencing style, such as IEEE. 

Page 6 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Academic honesty – important 
Please read the University policy on Academic Honesty very carefully: 
https://sydney.edu.au/students/academic-integrity.html  

Plagiarism (copying from another student, website or other sources), making your work available to 
another student to copy, engaging another person to complete the assignments instead of you (for 
payment or not) are all examples of academic dishonesty. Note that when there is copying between 
students, both students are penalised – the student who copies and the student who makes their work 
available for copying. 

Please do not confuse legitimate co-operation and cheating. You can discuss the assignment with 
other students, this is a legitimate collaboration, but you cannot complete the assignment together unless 
you are from the same group. Every group must write their own code and report. 

You are allowed to use generative AI tools for this assignment. 

Include an acknowledgement of AI use in your report and .ipynb notebook file (this has been included in 
the provided template).

The University penalties are severe and include: 1) a permanent record of academic dishonesty 
in the university database, 2) mark deduction, ranging from 0 for the assignment to Fail for the course 
and 3) in severe cases, suspension from the University and cancelling of your student visa. 

The University penalties are severe and include: 1) a permanent record of academic dishonesty 
on your student file, 2) mark deduction, ranging from 0 for the assignment to Fail for the course 
and 3) expulsion from the University and cancelling of your student visa.  

If there is a suspected case, the investigation may take several months. Your mark will not be 
finalised until the investigation is completed. This may create problems enrolling in other courses next 
semester for which this course is a pre-requisite or delaying your graduation. Going through the 
investigation is also very stressful. 

We will use similarity detection software to compare your assignments with other sources and with each 
other. If you cheat, the chances that you will be caught are very high.  

Be smart and don’t risk your reputation by engaging in plagiarism and academic dishonesty. 

Page 7 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

Marking criteria 
1. Code – 8 marks = 40% of the assignment mark (8% of your final mark)

Requirement Mark  

1. Implements Preprocessing does Preprocessing code Good; preprocessing Excellent; 
appropriate not function or has runs but has moderate techniques implemented preprocessing 
preprocessing significant implementation issues with minor issues [0.35] performed 

techniques implementation [0.25] appropriately with no 

issues [0] implementation issues 
[0.5] 

2. Implements No functioning Algorithm functions, Good; algorithm functions Excellent; algorithm is 
appropriate algorithm/significant but is not appropriate and is appropriate. Minor  appropriate, and no 
algorithm of choice issues with or has serious issues issues with  issues with  
from first 6 weeks implementation [0]  with design or implementation or other implementation [1]  
of course implementation [0.5]  issues [0.75]  

3. Sets up and No functioning Algorithm somewhat Good; algorithm functions Excellent; algorithm is 
implements MLP algorithm/major functions, but has well. Minor issues with  appropriate and there 

issues with serious issues with Implementation or other are no issues with  
implementation [0] design or  issues [0.75]  implementation [1]  

implementation [0.5] 

4. Sets up and No functioning Algorithm somewhat Good; algorithm functions Excellent; algorithm is 
implements CNN algorithm/major functions, but has well. Minor issues with  appropriate and there 

issues with serious issues with implementation or other are no issues with  
implementation [0] design or  issues [0.75]  implementation [1]  

implementation [0.5] 

5. Algorithm of No functioning Major issues with Good; minor issues with Excellent; well 
choice – hyperparameter search method, search method, implemented search 
hyperparameter search or completely hyperparameters, or hyperparameters, or method, 

search irrelevant hyperparameter values values. Tunes over key hyperparameters and 
hyperparameters  [0.5]  hyperparams for hyperparameter 
[0]  

chosen algorithm [0.75] values [1]  

6. MLP  - No functioning Major issues with Good; minor issues with Excellent; well chosen 
hyperparameter hyperparameter search method, search method, search method, 
search search or completely missing hyperparameters, or sufficient and 

irrelevant parameters hyperparameters, or hyperparameter values. appropriate 
[0]  hyperparameter values Tunes over at least 3 hyperparameters and 

[0.5]  hyperparameters values included in 

appropriately. [0.75] search  [1]  

Page 8 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026 

7. CNN - No functioning Major issues with Good; minor issues with Excellent; well chosen 
hyperparameter hyperparameter search method, search method, search method, 
search search or completely missing hyperparameters, or sufficient and 

irrelevant parameters hyperparameters, or hyperparameter values. appropriate 
[0]  hyperparameter Tunes over at least 3 hyperparameters and 

values included in 
values [0.5]  hyperparameters 

search  [1]  
appropriately. [0.75]  

8. Best Not completed, or significant issues [0] Completed with no/minimal issues [0.5] 
hyperparameter
combination of
each model trained 
and evaluated on 
test set in separate
cell 

9. Code quality Very poor code Poor code quality, e.g. Good code quality; minor Excellent, readable 
quality, e.g. some poor comments or not  issues with one aspect code and overall 
code does not run, no enough markdown  such as comments, not notebook [1]  
comments, no text to easily read the enough markdown, or 
markdown text, very notebook, poor variable naming [0.75]  
poor variable names  variable names [0.5]  
[0]  

2. Report – 12 marks = 60% of the assignment mark (12% of your final mark)

Requirement Mark 

Introduction – 0.5 marks  

1.Aim Aim is not discussed or very Good; minor issues, such as Excellent; aim of study is well 
poor [0]  not highlighting all aspects of discussed with no issues 

study (comparison,  [0.25] 
hyperparameter tuning etc.)  
[0.15]  

2.Importance Importance not discussed or Good; importance partially Excellent; importance well 
very poor [0]  discussed. Missing some justified and related to practical 

aspects, such as importance of use [0.25]  
comparing classifiers or other 
issues [0.15]  

Data – 0.5 marks 

3. Data description and Dataset not Limited dataset Minor issues with Thorough data description 
exploration described or very description with dataset description and exploration, including 

poor [0]  missing information, and/or exploration  discussion of important 
and/or no data [0.15]  features and challenges as 

exploration [0.1]  mentioned in the 
assignment specification, 
with sample images 
where relevant. [0.25]  

Page 9 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

4. Pre-processing Pre-processing not Pre-processing Minor issues with Excellent description of 
description and mentioned or very mentioned but not either preprocessing preprocessing techniques (if 
justification poor [0]  described well and/or description or any) and their 

missing/poor justification [0.15] effect/purpose. Techniques 
justification [0.1] used are justified from 

lectures, labs, or other 
sources. Brief discussion of 
which pre-processing 
techniques were 
considered but not 
necessary. [0.25]

Methods – 5 marks 

5. Algorithm of choice – Both description Major issues Good description Excellent description with 
description and and justification description or and justification of sufficient detail to explain the 
justification for inclusion missing or very justification, including inclusion, with advantages and disadvantages 

poor [0]  poorly chosen minor issues or of the algorithms later. 
algorithm [0.5]  missing detail  Appropriate justification of 

[0.75]  inclusion is provided. 
References included where 
appropriate. [1]   

6. MLP – description Description Major issues or Good, with minor Excellent description, with 
missing or very omissions [0.5] issues or missing sufficient detail to explain the 
poor [0] detail. [0.75]  advantages and 

disadvantages of the 
algorithm later. References 
included where necessary.  
[1]  

7. CNN - description Description missing Major issues or Good, with minor Excellent description, with 
or very poor [0]  omissions [0.5] issues or missing sufficient detail to explain the 

detail. [0.75]  advantages and  
disadvantages of the algorithm 
later. Includes references 
where necessary.   
[1]  

8. Comparison of Not included or Major issues or Good; minor issues Excellent comparison of the 
strengths and very poor [0]  omissions [0.5] including some relative strengths and 
weaknesses relevant points of weaknesses of the classifiers 

comparison from a theory perspective, 
missed. [0.75] and considering this 

particular dataset in the 
comparison.  Sources cited 
where appropriate. [1]  

Page 10 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026 

9. Architecture and Not included or Major issues or Good; architecture Excellent description and 
hyperparameter tuning very poor [0]  omissions in choices and search explanation/justification of 
description description [0.5] method are well architecture, design choices, 

described/justified search method, and chosen 

and hyperparams hyperparameters and 

chosen to search values. [1]  
over explained. 
Minor issues or 
lacking detail. 
[0.75]  

Results and discussion – 4 marks 

10. Hyperparameter No figures/tables, or Figures or tables have Good; figures or tables Excellent presentation 
tuning results only screenshots of major issues or are appropriate and of hyperparameter 
presentation code output. [0]  omissions [0.5]  show trends/results tuning results in 

from hyperparameter appropriate figures or 
tuning. Minor issues tables, with no 
with the presentation presentation issues. If 
[0.75]  there are any relevant 

differences in runtime, 
these are presented. 
[1]  

11. Hyperparameter Not included or very Discussion has major Most important Excellent discussion of 
tuning discussion poor [0]  issues or omissions  hyperparameter hyperparameter 

[0.5]  tuning results/trends results/trends, 
are discussed. including possible 
Includes comment on explanations or 
how the results reflections on how the 
aligned with results aligned with 
predictions. Minor predictions. [1]  
issues and/or lack of 
detail. [0.75]  

12. Results table Not included or very Major issues with Minor issues with Excellent table with all 
poor, including formatting or omission formatting or required results and  
screenshots of code of multiple results omission of one appropriate 
output [0]  [0.25]  result [0.35]  formatting [0.5]  

13. Results Not included or very Discussion has major Most important trends Excellent analysis of 
discussion/analysis poor [0]  issues or omissions  in the results the trends in the  

[0.5]  discussed, and results, with 

compared to comparison to 

expectations based on expectation based on 

theoretical properties. theoretical properties. 

Minor omissions Differences in runtime 

and/or lack of detail. are discussed and 

[1]  justified. Possible 
exploration of further 
trends beyond the 
tabulated results (e.g. 
differences by class  
accuracy, types of 
mistakes made, 
precision vs.  
recall etc.) [1.5]  

Conclusion and future work – 1 mark 

Page 11 of 12 



COMP5318/COMP4318 Machine Learning and Data Mining Semester 2, 2026

14. Summary of main Not included or very Major omissions or Minor issues with Excellent summary 
findings and poor [0]  issues in summary summary (e.g. does which considers factors 
identification of study and/or limitations  not consider runtime) such as runtime and 

limitations [0.25]  or misses some practicality of the 
relevant limitation(s)  algorithms for this 
[0.35]  particular task.  

Limitations identified 
are relevant. [0.5]  

15. Future work Not included or very Suggestions are not Minor issues with Suggestions are 
suggestions poor [0]  specific enough or do suggestions [0.35] concrete and directly 

not address study address the study 
limitations [0.25]  limitations [0.5]  

Reflection – 0.5 marks 

16. Reflection on most Not included or very poor [0] Reflection is lacking in depth Excellent, relevant reflection 
important thing learnt or detail or is missing for with sufficient depth for all 
by each group member some group members [0.25]  group members [0.5]  

Presentation – 0.5 marks

17. Report formatting Serious issues with Unclear structure or Minor issues with No issues with report 
and structure formatting or structure formatting issues, but structure or structure or formatting. 

that make the report report is still formatting [0.15] Sections are clearly 
difficult to read [0]  readable [0.1] delineated and 

formatting is clean and 
legible. Code snippets 
are not included 
inappropriately in the 
report. [0.25]

18. Language Serious spelling or Many minor spelling Several minor spelling Very few minor spelling 
grammatical issues in or grammar mistakes or grammar mistakes or grammar mistakes. 
all aspects of report that hinder the overall that do not hinder the Language is academic 
that make the report readability of the overall readability of in style with clear 
difficult to read [0]  report, and/or non- the report, and/or non- sentences. [0.25]

academic language in academic language in 
many sections [0.1] some sections [0.15]

Dataset attribution 
Jiancheng Yang, Rui Shi, Donglai Wei, Zequan Liu, Lin Zhao, Bilian Ke, Hanspeter Pfister, Bingbing Ni. "MedMNIST 
v2-A large-scale lightweight benchmark for 2D and 3D biomedical image classification." Scientific Data, 2023. 

Jiancheng Yang, Rui Shi, Bingbing Ni. "MedMNIST Classification Decathlon: A Lightweight AutoML Benchmark 
for Medical Image Analysis". IEEE 18th International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI), 2021. 

Patrick Bilic, Patrick Ferdinand Christ, et al., "The liver tumor segmentation benchmark (lits)," arXiv preprint 
arXiv:1901.04056, 2019. 

Xuanang Xu, Fugen Zhou, et al., "Efficient multiple organ localization in CT image using 3D region proposal 
network," IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging, vol. 38, no. 8, pp. 1885–1898, 2019. 

Page 12 of 12