COMP9120 Assignment 2 

School of Computer Science 

 

 
COMP9120 Database Management Systems 

 
 

Assignment 2: Database Application Development 

Group assignment (13%) 

Introduction 
 

The objectives of this assignment are to gain practical experience in interacting with a relational 
database management system using an Application Programming Interface (API) (Python DB-API). 
This assignment additionally provides an opportunity to use more advanced features of a database 
such as functions. 

This is a group assignment for teams of 3 members. It is assumed that you will continue in your 
Assignment 1 group. Any changes to the group composition after Thursday 23 April 2026 will not be 
acceptable. 

Please also keep an eye on your email and any announcements that may be made on Ed. 
 

Submission Details 
 

The final submission of your database application is due at 11:59pm on Sunday 17th May (Week 11). 
You should submit the items for submission (detailed below) via Canvas. 

 
Items for submission 

Please submit your solution to Assignment 2 in the ’Assignment’ section of the unit’s Canvas site by the 
deadline, including EXACTLY SIX files: 
1. An assignment coversheet as a PDF document (.pdf file suffix) available for download on Canvas. 
2. A file that  contains: (A) the GenAI prompts you used and associated genAI tools, and (B) your 

GenAI Comparison Report that compares the generated and correct code for SQL and Python 
files (see below). Use a maximum of 1 page for each file (SQL and Python). 

3. The genAI SQL file (IOMCschema.sql) containing the SQL statements necessary to generate the 
database schema and sample data. This must contain your base schema and insert SQL statements, 
and your additional stored procedures (functions) used by the application. 

4. The genAI Python file (database.py)  containing the Python code to access the database. As per 
this assignment’s updated policy, the use of GenAI must be disclosed. You must ensure you 
understand and verify the code (see Use of GenAI Tools). 

5. Your (correct) SQL file with the same requirement as 3. 
6. Your (correct) Python file with the same requirement as 4. 

 1 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

Task 1: The IOMC Trials Management (ITM) System 
In this assignment, you will be working with a modified version of your IOMC database from 
Assignment 1. This assignment builds upon the supplied IOMC database schema (see below). More 
specifically, your task is to implement an interface—referred to as the ITM system—through which an 
authorised IOMC staff user interacts to access and manipulate the IOMC database. Your main task is to 
handle requests for reads and writes to the database using your User Interface (UI). We first describe the 
main features that the ITM system must include from a UI perspective and then discuss where your 
database code needs to be implemented.   

 

Logging In 

The user is defined as any authorised IOMC official. The first form presented when starting the ITM 
system is the Login (Figure 1). This feature requires the user to enter their username and password to be 
validated prior to being successfully logged in to the system. Security features such as password 
encryption/hashing are out of scope for this assignment. The username should be case-insensitive. Once 
logged in, the user is directed to the Athlete Trials Summary page.  

  
Figure 1. Login 

Viewing Athlete Trials Summary 

Once a user is logged in, they are directed to the Athlete Trials Summary page (Figure 2). The list must 
be ordered by athlete last name and first name in ascending order. The summary includes: 

• Athlete: Full name, nationality, and athlete type (Professional/Amateur). 
 2 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

• Trials Scheduled: Number of upcoming trials for the athlete.  
• Trials Completed so far: Number of completed trials.  
• Wins: Count of trials the athlete won (each individual trial can be won by a single athlete).  
• Eligible Equipment: Number of inspected items rated good/very good/excellent (only these are 

allowed for use).  
• Total Sponsorship ($): Sum of sponsorship payments received.  
• Last Trial Date: Date when the athlete most recently competed (displayed in Australian date 

convention DD-MM-YYYY).  

1 13-01-2026 

2 26-01-2026 

 
Figure 2. Viewing the Athlete Trials Summary Page 

Finding Trials & Results 

When a user selects a row in the Athlete Trials Summary table, they can view detailed records of each 
trial associated with that athlete (Figure 3 and Figure 4). Each trial record includes:  

• Trial ID 
• Trial name 
• Trial date: When the trial happens, displayed in Australian date convention DD-MM-YYYY. 
• Athlete: The full name of the participating athlete. 
• Is Winner: A status indicator that display “Yes” for the first place finisher or "No” for all other 

participants.   
• Official: The full name of the IOMC official responsible for overseeing the trial participation. 
• Performance Note: A quick record of observations the official noted down about the athlete; 

displays “N/A” if no notes were taken.  

 3 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

 
Figure 3. User clicks an Athlete row 

Users can search the trial data by entering a keyword in the search field next to the Find button and 
clicking Find. The search retrieves and displays trial records containing the keyword in any of the 
following fields: athlete full name, official’s full name, trial name, trial date, or performance note. 
The search is case-insensitive. Results must be ordered such that upcoming trials are listed at the top, 
followed by completed trials ordered by trial date in ascending order; completed trials with the same 
date are then sorted by event name in ascending order. Requirements: 

• The search results must exclude any completed trial where the trial date is older than 3 years 
(from today’s date). 

• Trial date should be displayed in the Australian date convention (DD-MM-YYYY).  

 
Figure 4. Finding Trials with search keyword "SE" 

 

Adding a Trial Participation 
 4 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

Users may add a new trial participation by clicking on the Add Trial tab. In the New Trial 
Participation page, they must enter details and then click Add Trial Participation (Figure 5). A new 
participation is created with status scheduled 

• Athlete Username: A valid athlete identifier from the database. (case insensitive) 
• Official Username: A valid official identifier from the database. (case insensitive) 
• Trial Name: The trial name. The system will verify if this specific trial event already exists for 

the selected date in the database; if it does not, a new trial event record would be created.  
• Date: The scheduled date of the trial. An athlete can only sign up for one event per day 

(enforce this).  

 

 
Figure 5. Adding a New Trial Participation 

Updating a Trial Record 

Users can update a trial record by modifying the data in the trial details screen (Figure 6), by clicking on 
Update Trial. A trial result cannot be recorded with a future date/time (from today’s date). 

• Is Winner: Mark winner (if applicable). A trial can only be won by a single athlete; enforce 
this.  

• Official Username: A valid official identifier from the database. (case insensitive). 

 5 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

• Performance Note: A quick record of observations the official noted down about the athlete. 

 
Figure 6. Updating a Trial Record 

 

 

Database Interaction Code 

The files that are needed for the Python version of the assignment are as follows: 

1. IOMCschema.sql: Modify SQL statements from the assignment 1 solution to incorporate the 
new requirements.   

Link to the base sql schema. 

This file must contain the sql code needed to run to create and initialise the IOMC database 
before starting the application (base schema + sample data + stored procedures/functions).  

2. Skeleton project (Flask + psycopg2): a zip file encapsulating the Python project for the ITM 
system (provided on Canvas).  

Link to the skeleton project. 

Unzip to a folder (e.g., Assignment2_PythonSkeleton). The skeleton uses Flask for the GUI and 
psycopg2 for PostgreSQL access. Install the modules similarly to the reference app:  

pip install psycopg2-binary 

 6 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

pip install flask 

The main program starts in main.py. Provide the correct username/password and implement the 
missing DB access functions—including the necessary SQL statements—in the data layer 
database.py. The presentation layer uses HTML templates in templates/ and CSS in static/css. 
Routes are in routes.py. Run with python main.py and access via http://127.0.0.1:5001/ (or 
http://0.0.0.0:5002/). Stop the local web server to terminate.  

 

Task 2: Functions Implementation 
Core Functionality 

Provide a complete implementation for database.py, and add/modify schema elements in 
IOMCschema.sql as needed. Implement these five functions (names can be used exactly as below):   

1. checkLogin(username, password) (for login) 
o Case-insensitive username validation; return staff user details on success; reject 

otherwise.  
2. getAthleteTrialsSummary() (for viewing the athlete trials summary) 

o Returns rows with athlete identity/type, trials scheduled/completed, wins, eligible 
equipment count, total sponsorship amount, and last trial date; order by last name, first 
name (ascending).  

3. findTrials(keyword, search_by_username=False) (for finding trials) 
o if the search_by_username is False, perform case-insensitive search across athlete full 

name, official full name, event/trial name, trial date. Order with upcoming first, then 
completed by date ascending, then event name ascending. Exclude completed trials 
older than 3 years. Show AU date format (DD-MM-YYYY).  

o If the search_by_username is True, perform case-insensitive search strictly for a specific 
athlete’s username (triggered when a user selects an athlete from the summary table) . 
Order with trial_id,  

4. addTrialParticipation(athlete_username, trial_name, trial_date, official_username) (for 
adding a trial participation) 

o Insert the participation; enforce “one event per day per athlete” ; enforce “one 
participation per trial”. Reject invalid input.  

5. updateTrialResult(trial_id, athlete_username, is_winner, officials_update, 
perfroamnce_note) (for updating a trial record) 

o Update performance/outcome; enforce single winner per trial. Reject invalid input.  

Important: The corresponding actions must be implemented by issuing SQL queries to the DBMS 
(and/or invoking your stored procedures). Avoid implementing core query logic purely in Python when an 
SQL solution is intended. This mirrors the intent of the reference application assignment. 

 
 
 7 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

No additional Python modules or libraries should be 
imported. 
 

In this assignment, the use of generative AI tools is permitted, including for generating Python and 
SQL code, provided the following requirements are met (reproduced in the style and placement of the 
original policy, but updated to allow code generation):  

 Permitted Uses 

You may use GenAI tools to: generate Python for database.py, write SQL statements, define  
schema/triggers/functions, provide helper snippets, and offer explanations of relevant concepts.  

Requirements When Using GenAI 

1. You must review, test, and understand all GenAI-generated code. 
2. You are fully responsible for its correctness. 
3. You must include a GenAI Disclosure (tools used, purposes). 
4. You must include your GenAI prompts as indicated above.  

GenAI Disclosure (Required) 

Provide: the tools used, purposes (e.g., “generated SQL for summary query”), and a declaration that you 
reviewed, modified, and verified all GenAI code. Lack of disclosure yields 0 for the GenAI rubric 
component 

Additional GenAI Comparison Questions (Required) 

Submit a 1-page (max) analytic report (appendix to the coversheet PDF) titled  
GenAI_Comparison_Report answering: 

1. Issues in GenAI output — Identify incorrect/missing/suboptimal code or SQL (e.g., wrong 
JOINs, missing constraints, violating single-winner rule, poor error handling). Cite short snippets 
as needed.  

2. Why they are incorrect — Justify using the IOMC domain rules and assignment requirements 
(e.g., participation, official minimum, 1-per-day scheduling).  

3. How you corrected them — Explain your fixes and why they satisfy the specification. 
4. Usefulness vs limitations — Reflect on where GenAI helped and where it struggled in this 

assignment’s context.  

 
Marking 

 
This assignment is worth 13% of your final grade for the unit of study. Your group’s submission 
will be marked according to the attached rubric. 
Group member participation 

 8 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

If members of your group do not contribute sufficiently, you should alert the unit coordinator 
as soon as possible. The course instructor has the discretion to scale the group’s mark for each 
member as follows: 

 
Percentage of contribution Proportion of final grade received 
< 5% contribution 0% 
5 - 10% contribution 20% 
11 - 15% contribution 40% 
16 - 20% contribution 50% 
21 - 24% contribution 60% 
25 - 28% contribution 80% 
29 - 30% contribution 90% 
> 30% contribution 100% 

Note: The above table assumes that each group will have 3 members, so, on average, around 33% 
contribution is expected from each member of the group. In special case, if a group has less than 3 
members then the contribution percentage will be adjusted accordingly. You must justify your 
contribution percentage by providing a detailed explanation of your individual contribution on the 
assignment coversheet mentioned before. You must also regularly record and maintain a diary of 
your group meetings and discussions on Canvas. Furthermore, we may run random face-to-face 
interviews to understand and justify your contribution, if needed. 

 
Marking Rubric 

 
Your submissions will be marked according to the following rubric, with a maximum possible score of 
13 points. 
 

 
 0 – 1 marks 1 – 1.5 marks 2 marks 
1. Login Incorrect login handling; Correct handling for a test user; All valid users authenticate 
Functionality case-insensitivity not minor issues with validation or correctly; invalid logins rejected; 

implemented; major error reporting. case-insensitive username fully 
errors. implemented. 

2. Athlete Trials Missing required fields or Summary generally correct Fully correct: all fields, AU date 
Summary incorrect logic; ordering with some minor format, correct aggregates (wins, 

incorrect. inconsistencies (e.g., eligible equipment, sponsorship 
aggregates or formatting). totals), correct ordering. 

3. Find Trials Search fails or ignores Search works for common Fully correct: case-insensitive 
Functionality requirements; incorrect inputs; partially correct search, correct 

ordering; missing filters. ordering and filters. upcoming→completed ordering, 
hides trials older than 3 years, 
AU date formatting. 

4. Add Trial Fails to add participation Adds valid records but may Fully correct: enforces “one 
Participation or violates key rules. mishandle some constraints. event per day,” validates athlete 

& officials, handles all edge 
cases. 

 9 



 
COMP9120 Assignment 2 

5. Update Trial Updates incomplete or Updates most fields correctly; Fully correct: enforces single 
Record incorrect; required minor issues with winner or winner, prevents future dates, 

constraints missing. official validation. maintains ≥1 official, correct 
update logic. 

 
 
Supporting Components (3 marks total) 
 
 0 marks 1  mark 
6. Stored Missing required stored procedures OR At least two stored procedures/functions implemented 
Procedures / not used by Python functions OR correctly AND invoked from two of the five major 
Functions implemented incorrectly. functions. 
7. Record Keeping One or more issues reported or found No issue reported or found with group member 
of Group with group member contribution, or with contribution. All group members participate and regularly 
Discussions maintaining records of group meetings maintain a diary of group meetings and discussions on 

and discussions regularly on Canvas. Canvas. 
 
 0 marks 0.5  mark 

Fails to disclose GenAI use, discloses Complete, honest disclosure; includes prompts; 
8. GenAI Usage  dishonestly, or evidently does not demonstrates understanding and correct verification of 

understand GenAI-generated code. all GenAI-generated code. 
9. GenAI No report OR identifies few/no issues Clear, succinct, and comprehensive analysis (max 1 
Comparison Report OR fails to justify corrections. page): identifies key issues, explains why they were 

incorrect, and describes how they were fixed. 
 

 10